Create SLSA 1.2-rc1 (#1428)
slsa-framework/slsa: docs/spec/v1.2-rc1/assessing-source-systems.md

---
title: "Source: Assessing source control systems"
description: Guidelines for assessing source control system security.
---

One of SLSA's guiding [principles](principles.md) is to "trust platforms, verify
artifacts". However, consumers cannot trust source control systems (SCSs) unless
they have some proof that an SCS meets its
[requirements](source-requirements.md).

This page describes the parts of an SCS that consumers SHOULD assess and
provides sample questions consumers can ask when assessing a SCS. See also
[Threats & mitigations](threats.md).

## Threats

### Adversary goal

The SLSA Source track defends against an adversary whose primary goal is to
inject unofficial behavior into protected source code while avoiding detection.
Organizations typically establish change management processes to prevent this
unofficial behavior from being introduced. The adversary's goal is to bypass the
change management process.

### Adversary profiles

> Consumers SHOULD also evaluate the souce control systems's ability to defend
> against the following types of adversaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consumers SHOULD also evaluate the source control systems' ability to defend
against the following types of adversaries.
```
